EDU-2183: gRCP Cleanups (#2731)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/java/generated/backgroundcheck-boilerplate-cloud-worker-details.md

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE DIRECTLY.
THIS FILE IS GENERATED from https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/sample-apps/java/backgroundcheck/src/main/java/backgroundcheckboilerplate/workers/CloudWorker.java. -->

> To migrate your Worker to Temporal Cloud, you'll change some parameters in your Client connection code, such as updating the namespace and gRPC endpoint.

Author: ```suggestion
To run a Temporal Cloud Worker, you'll change some parameters in your Client connection code, such as updating the namespace and gRPC endpoint.
```
